The Joe Rogan experience, uh, Georgia,
I think that you're probably like one of the most important figures when it
comes to journalism in UFO's. And when you, uh, broke the bog,
bizarre story was that, is that 89? When was that?
19 89, 89, 19 89. Um,
I remember reading about it. I remember hearing about it.
I remember watching clips on television and,
and watching countless Bob was our interviews. It all came out of you. I mean,
did you think at that time,
what was your thoughts about UFO's before you had met Bob Lasar and how much did
it change while you got to know him and hear his story?
Uh, changed quite a bit? I had not really given it much thought at all. Uh,
you know, probably the same level of curiosity. As most people,
you go about your life, you pay your bills, you go to work, you,
you love your family. Uh, and it's always out there somewhere. Hey,
I wonder what the deal is on that,
but not had not really dwelled on it until it was a day in 1987
into the studio comes a guy named, um, John Lear.
And I had heard sort of a little bit about him. His family was famous.
His dad developed the Learjet, the eight track tape.
John had run for the state Senate and he had a certain amount of credibility
with our news organization, Kaylee STB,
because he had helped us break a really big story.
And the story was the stealth fighter, the F1 17.
He had told my boss Ned day,
managing editor about this amazing plane that was invisible to radar flying up
and Tona pie and area 51. We had an interest in area 51,
not UFO related, but Ned broke that story. It went national.
So John Lear comes into the station one day with a stack of what turned out to
be UFO documents. He plops them on Ned's desk and says, Ned,
this is going to be the next biggest story. The biggest story in history,
it's a UFO coverup aliens are here. Technology has been recovered.
Ned takes a look at it and says, I'm not doing this story. If it was true,
I'd already know, know about it. Ah, this is crazy.
Well I'm eavesdropping as I tend to do. I'm a curious person. So I,
as he's going out, I said, Lear, let me take a look at this material.
And I looked at it, I thought, well, this is kind of interesting.
I was at the time I was producing and hosting this little public affairs show,
30 minute interview show. It would air Sunday morning at six o'clock.
Nobody watches it. It would be, uh, interviewing a city, councilmen,
a county commissioner. What the heck I'll put Lear on there and I let them go.
And he told me this big scenario about secret treaties with aliens and
recovered technology and a giant coverup.
Some of the information sounded outrageous.
Some of it seemed like it would be worth checking out.
Suddenly the phone starts ringing off the hook.
I'm getting calls about people that w who was that guy?
What was the deal on that UFO stuff? Is it real? I had him on again,
six months later, the response was bigger, Adam,
on a third time with a guy named bill Cooper, I regret that. Um,
and he told him, and even more elaborate conspiracy.
Here's the behold, the pale horse guy. Yeah.
I read that book and halfway through, I was like, what in the is this? Yeah.
We tied in the JFK assassination.
Bases on the moon. Aliens are there right now. He.
Had,
he had this scenario where he had seen these documents when he was in the Navy.
And he's going to tell the world about it, then he's going to go away. Well,
every time he told the story, the documents got bigger and bigger.
And anybody who criticized bill Cooper became part of the secret government,
including me.
So we do this third show with Lear and he hints that he knows a guy who might be
going to work out at area 51 and know something about alien technology.
That guy turns out to be Bob Lasar,
but Lear didn't give me the name at that time. A couple months later,
I am anchoring the five o'clock news on KLS. And, uh,
we have a nightly or evening, uh, interview segment,
five minute segment live interview.
Our guests doesn't show up and we're scrambling to find somebody to fill that
hole. And I thought about Lear. So I called him up,
not knowing what had been going on in Lazard's life or Lear's life. And I said,
Hey, is your, uh, that UFO guy you told me about, is he around? What do you do?
An interview just turned out that Bob had been through the ringer and a lot of
stuff going on in his life. He felt threatened. And he said, yes,
we had a blackout his face. We do this interview.
And he spills the basics of the story.
I worked out there at a place called [inaudible]
. I saw nine flying saucers and an underground base. This is technology that came from somewhere else. I'm in fear for my life. Holy cow, the
phones
start ringing off the hook. My news director comes rushing in the station manager. Is that for real? What's the deal on that? And we realized we had touched the pulse of the public in a way that I didn't really understand.
We arranged to go meet Bob. Lasar my news director, Bob Stonewall,
and I that following weekend and put it through a paces where we would ask him
questions about his background and how he got the job.
And we spent a couple hours with him when we walked out of that meeting,
thinking, holy, what if this is true? Um, you know,
this is really risky for us as journalists.
It risky for our personal reputations.
If it blows up in our faces and we do this story and it would really damage the
reputation of our news organization, which is KLS is a Juul.
It's always been a leader in, in Las Vegas,
one of the best TV news operations in the country.
We're putting a lot on the line. Well, look, we decide, let's take our time.
Let's look into this guy's story. And then in order to understand, Lasar,
we'd have to look at the bigger picture of UFO's.
So I started a cram course on euphology and I read everything and I spent eight
months like cramming for a final exam that never happened. I read everything.
I interviewed people that same year move on had it's it's entered international
symposium in Las Vegas, and they're all the world's UFO people came right to me.
I got to interview them, traveled around, went to Los Alamos of Lasar,
took us into the lab. We took cameras in there. He walked us around,
waving to people. We didn't even have to stop for security,
took us into the, the lab, like, uh,
it was a rabbit going through its own burrow. He knew his way around.
We were allowed to take a camera in there. We put those stories together,
put them on the air in November. And man, it just went through the roof.
Um, every night of these nine, this nine part series people got, uh, the,
the audience got bigger phones ringing off the hook. People calling,
giving us information, suddenly it's on something called para net,
which was a sort of a precursor to the internet. And it was huge. And, and, um,
it changed my life for sure. I had no idea that, uh,
there were so many people out there interested in the topic and I was hooked and
I really got hooked on Lozar not only because his story, um, uh, personally,
you know, I was interested in him. We became friends.
I saw what happened to him after that live interview and in the seven and a
half months before we went and I revealed his identity.
People really messing with them. I mean, there were,
you cannot convey what it was like,
how weird it was then breaking into his house, leaving the windows, open,
messing with things in his, in his home, breaking into his car,
leaving the doors and windows down, just messing with his head.
And you think that was the government that was doing that? I do. I think so.
And then, so I had put out a call to people, Hey,
I want other people to come forward before his identity was revealed.
We should explain. Yes. I am actively seeking information from the public.
If you ever worked at area 51 or S four, you know anything about this,
you're at Nellis air force base reach out to me.
So I started getting calls and six people,
right in a row who had talked to me on the phone and offered to give me
information were visited right after the call. Um,
one of them was a guy who did tax returns for people at Nellis air force base.
And he got to know these guys really well and got information about crashes.
There was a guy who was a golf pro at Nellis who had gone on our road
road trips with officers and told them about this weird stuff out at area
51 that seemed to be from somewhere else. Uh,
he gets visited and told to shut up.
There was a lady who worked in the court system, a cop, uh, told me about her.
And I talked to her on the phone. And, uh, she had worked at the court system,
but before she had worked for a company called homes and Narbor,
which is a defense contractor. And she said,
she sat in as a stenographer in these meetings and heard these conversations
between the government contractors and, um,
air force officials about crash saucers. And they would, after the meeting,
they, uh, took, take the tape, uh,
out of the typewriter and destroy it and take all the notes.
And she agreed to tell me this story. It was just a tiny piece of the story.
The next day, she's visited by these two guys in suits. They tell her,
um, look, you are still subject to your security clearance.
I hope you know that. And then they said,
we know you traveled to LA to see your daughter. And we know she comes here.
It's a big desert out there. It'd be terrible.
If something happened to either one of you, this lady is scared shitless.
She didn't make that stuff up.
So six people who had offered to give me information on the phone one,
right after another get visited. And it, it made me mad.
It also made me mad that dealing with, you know,
trying to fill in pieces of Bob bazaars life. I know there's some gaping holes.
I know it better than anybody. I've had to deal with it for 31 years,
but always thought if,
if he worked at Los Alamos in classified projects and a scientific or technical
capacity,
then it would make sense that he could get hired into a program like us for, um,
as somebody who thinks outside the box,
despite personal shortcomings or whatever,
they might bring somebody like him in to help them crack a problem that they
hadn't been able to resolve themselves. So I focused on Los Alamos.
I knew he had been there.
I talked to people who remembered him from being there,
but the lab kept telling me no, no record of him. He's never here.
And then I showed him, well, look, I've got the Los Alamos newspaper.
It's a small town paper. There it is on the front page, front page story.
Bob Lasar physicist, Mason facility, Los Alamos lab.
It's a story about his jet car. Nope. Still have no records of him. And,
and then I found his name in the phone book from the era when he was there.
He's in the lab phone book, he had been hired by a company called Kirchmeier,
which is a company that's, uh,
a head hunter that fills positions at Los Alamos and places like that. So great.
I'll reach out to Kirchmeier. They said, yeah, we hired him. Yeah,
we've got records. Can I get it?
Can I get his employment records that would show where he went to school,
whatever information you guys had. Yes. A couple of weeks go by nothing.
Um, a couple more weeks go by. I call him again. I start writing them.
I've got a stack of letters that, that went on for two and a half years.
And finally, by the end of it, they said he was never here.
We don't have any records that, that me off. It made me mad. And I think that,
that is really what got me hooked in the story, um,
is that I was being jacked around by government and national facilities that.
We should explain the Los Alamos thing.
Cause the Los Alamos thing coincided with him doing work at MIT. Right.
Is that correct?
That's how he's explained to you explained and the way he explained it to me,
I don't think I'm at Liberty to say what the project was because the project,
the way he was describing it is, uh,
essentially internationally illegal, like what they were working on.
And that's one of the reasons why he was saying,
he explained what the project was. It sounded very feasible, also very evil.
And then it was, it was basically a weapon.
And then he said that this was the reason why there was no actual record
of him studying at MIT. It wasn't important that he got a degree.
It was important that he understand that the technical specifications of what
they were attempting to accomplish.
That's my understanding as well. And you know,
it's always been the most problematic part of his background.
And it's where a lot of people in the Bob, those are story.
That's where they stop.
But th the thing is when you listen to him talk, and when he describes thing,
it's very clear. He's educated.
All, he's a brilliant guy, but here's, I'd always told him. And you know, Bob,
you're my friend.
I want to have a conversation with you about these claim degrees.
Cause I didn't believe that he'd ever sat down. You know,
in those days you go to a college like MIT or Caltech and get a degree.
You've got to take classes in something other than science you'd have. Yeah.
I could not imagine Bob was, are taking an English lit class to save his life,
but he is a brilliant guy. He I'll give you an example in April. COVID thing is,
is raging. My wife and I are staying at home.
We're getting packages delivered for food and things of that sort.
I'm a little worried. They didn't know about contact.
Whether you can get it off at cardboard boxes or whatever.
And I mentioned to Bob in a phone conversation,
I'm thinking about buying one of these UV screener systems. He goes,
wait a second, don't buy one.
I think I've got the parts that I can make you one in my garage.
And a week later it arrives this thing. He's got it in his garage,
handmade this big scanner with these UV things that don't work.
So he just whipped it up in his garage.
Remind you, you got the scanner. I got a laser gun. You got a laser gun.
Did man. It is super powerful.
So it's like a handheld toy that he retrofitted with a superpower.
So I'm like lighting on fire in my house. Well.
It looks like a handheld toy, but it's actually.
A real, it's a toy with full noise,
but he put a diode in there and it's super powerful. Like it can light on fire,
but why pay such? So I got the laser gun. You.
Also got the flame thrower though. Lozar made a flame thrower.
This is before your buddy Elan made Flint. Well,
I made a flame through massive.
Yeah, he's obviously a very intelligent man. Um, when you listen to him talk,
there's no bullshitting going on. When he talks about very,
when he talks about undeniable concrete things, when it comes to science,
when it comes to elements, when it comes to propulsion systems,
he clearly knows what he's talking about.
And the really confusing thing for people that are
detractors is he really hasn't changed his story in 31 years.
It really is the same story and that's really hard to do. Right. Okay.